It's like a chocolate bar that makes you
extra strong.
E, today we are opening up our very own
supermarket and seeing who can become
the richest in the server. Hello,
simpletons. We just graduated from GNU
Grocery Store National University.
This is my colleague Lunar. I graduated
to the top of my class in everything
necessary. What? Wow, they're so
serious. And I am Draco, the former
student council president of Washrooms
Everywhere. And we and we will be
opening Walmart, the future of grocery
stores. Guys, are they twins? Are they?
What are you robots? AIS? Yeah, we are
not robots inserted to run a grocery
store. We are artificial intelligence.
We are one future of grocery stores.
Anyways, one mart. I just flew in from
the five seasons and I know exactly what
real luxury is. My store will be the
gold standard. Um, can I just give you a
three reality check? Gold standard means
nothing for grocery stores, okay? It's
about the feeling when you walk into a
grocery store. No one wants to see you
in your business suits. It's not chill.
It's it
Wait, it's kind of true. Like, who wants
to go in a grocery store and everyone's
in a suit, huh? Right. Look at me. I'm
like everybody. Oh, wrong one. Wrong.
Wrong. I mean, hey everyone, welcome to
the grocery store. We are so chill and
relaxed. It's like walking into your
refrigerator to go grocery shopping. Be
quiet, consumer. Okay, let's go. If your
store is in gold standard, will it be
stinky standard?
I'm not here to trash talk. I'm out. Yo.
Okay, so it looks like we are the blue
store gold. And what are we calling our
grocery store? Oh, I have a good name.
What? Honey, since it's going to be
about the feeling and making everyone
comfortable, you know, Whole Foods is
really popular, right? Yeah, Whole Foods
is popular. Wholesome Foods Draco, you
Wholesome Foods, you hear that, guys?
Wholesome Foods is has $60 right now.
Gold, we're losing.
No, we got to we got to charge a little
bit more for our stuff cuz it's
wholesome. It's true. They're trying to
be luxury. What's No, we're being luxury
with a little bit of like with a little
bit of chill. Okay. Order something
that's wholesome from the crunch cereal.
I don't think that's very wholesome. How
about macaroni and cheese? It's
grass-fed. It's whole wheat. And get out
of here, Jacko. Open. Not for long.
You're going out of business.
Draco, I think you need to go to that
salon over there. Get out of here, AI.
Oh, did somebody need to take out the
trash? Oh, they're literally on a
property. Oh my gosh. This isn't a
dumpster. Get your stuff out of here.
Hold up. Hold up. We got to stack our
shelves. Okay. We got a lot of valueized
mac and cheese. Easy cheesy. Delicious.
All right. Um, sorry. Just walking by to
show you guys my new inventory. Salted
chips. Yeah, bet you guys don't have
that at Wholesome. Bye. Um, Rainbow,
we're actually going to get wholesome
potatoes. Wait, our first customer.
Hello, sir. Grass-fed mac and cheese.
Would you like some? Look at how
wholesome he looks funny. Yeah. Would
you like some mac and cheese, sir?
Goldie doesn't want to. Oh. Oh, sorry.
Let me scan your stuff. Scanning. We got
more more customers. Have a good day.
Let's check you out.
Credit card swipe. Thank
you. Gold. Don't Don't walk around that
mob. It's It's scaring customers. Is it
that dirty? Yeah, it's dirty back there.
We got cash
here. Wa. Oh, I have to give them
change. You don't get any change.
Wait, Funny. You're supposed to give
them change if they need it. No, no,
it's It was $0. Okay, Gold, let's order
some more stuff. What do we need? Do we
need crackers? No. How about rice? I
think rice is wholesome. Um, and mayo.
Mayo's great. Food's funny. Yeah, mayo.
Did you know mayo is an instrument with
no preservatives, right?
Yes. Oh, look at them. They're trying to
be all clean in this store. Gold, let's
stack our instrument. Mayo. All right,
we got to fill the shelves. Do we need
organization here? A bunch of
mayonnaise. There you go. You don't need
to go to GNU to learn how to stack
shelves. Lunar and Draco. They're
phonies. Funny. Look at this. Perfect
stacking. Oh, wait. Our customers are
coming in. Our shelves are fully stacked
with grass-fed whole grain
riceree rice. Yes. Did we sell out
today? I was so busy at the till. We
actually did. Whole time went by that
fast. What the? Hello. Hello, anybody?
This is really embarrassing, but um I
have to use the washroom. Do you guys
have one? No. No, we don't have a
washroom. Sorry. Get out of here. Then
how did you go? Where? Where? There's a
secret washroom. Oh, wait. Um Gold. I I
see a poop meter. Why is there a poop
meter in this game? What? I'll show you
where you can go. No, there's no poop
meter. Wait, it's the it's the bathroom
degree holder. Yo, Draco, what are you
doing? Draco, you can go right.
Draco,
what the That's what that is. Look at
Bro, you are disgusting. Criminal. He's
red. Wait, he's a criminal. Gold
standard poop right there. Yo, go to
jail, Draco. Draco, come here. Oh no, he
tried to catch me. Um, honey, you need
to get revenge on Draco right now before
Hold up. They're poopers. They just
pooped in her establishment. Guys,
there's one right here. Oh, why is there
That is disgusting. I thought this was
about grocery stores.
Um, can you guys go somewhere else? I
really need to go to the washroom. I
just pooped my pants.
Ei, I'm leaving. Um, that's disgusting.
I'm going to jail.
How dare you? Oh my god. You think you
can jail us just for being in your
trash? Wait, why is this poop gold
colored? You think jailing me is going
to stop? That's really weird.
Vandalizing your property again. Just
wait. When I get out of here,
Oh, is this yours? Yeah, it is. You know
why? Cuz I actually use the toilet,
unlike you guys.
I'm sorry. I got to go. I got to go.
This nasty. So weird. Wait, does that
cost money though? Can I have it? Like,
is that No. Wait. Gold. Gold. Let's give
it to the pathological poopers. Them.
Okay. Here. Since you guys don't know
what a toilet is, nor do you know how to
use it. Here's your reward. Gold poop.
I don't like your gold poop. That's so
Are you trying to sell that? Okay, I
have to go back to my store. Yeah, I
can't hang out with you criminals
anymore. One more seconds. I'll be free.
And that's Gold. Let's go. Let's go.
They're trying to disturb us. So,
Wholesome Foods has no customers. Wait,
closed? Cold. Open it up. Trash out
here. No one's working here. Funny. This
place is disgusting. You got to pick up
the garb. Let me in the back. Okay,
let's clean. Lunar, you are so
disgusting. How dare you defecate in our
establishment? It's something called a
washroom, girl. Use the toilet. I've
never heard of it.
Oh, there's nothing wrong with using the
star as a washroom cuz it's already
trash.
Trash. Have fun in jail again. Jacko
clearly likes getting arrested. Yeah,
he's kind of obsessed at this point. All
right, let's throw the trash out on the
street. Hello. Welcome to Wholesome
Foods. Who's on the leaderboard right
now
anyways? Credit card. I don't know. I
need to beg these items. There you go.
Gold. I think our customers are getting
bored of the whole rice. Um, funny. We
need to stop lording in front of the
street. I think there's like a dumpster
somewhere. Sh. It's fine. I know where
to put it. Gold. Where?
No. Oh, door power's off. I need to run.
I need to run. I need to run. Power's
off. I think Luna's still in jail. Well,
she's not here at her establishment. Sh.
Throw it in. Throw it in. Throw it in.
Throw it in. Hey, Lunar. He's looking at
us. Lunar.
Okay, I'm going to go put them in jail.
Why? They're loitering trash in Walmart.
Wait, where are they?
Get out of here. Draco, go to jail. Go
to the grocery store, bro. No. Serve
your time, dude. You too, Gold. No.
Quick, while they're in jail, let's
throw trash in their place. We're so
busy in this store. Our customer is
going to leave. Gold, instead of being
criminals, maybe we should just be like
Rainbow over there. I agree. Get out of
here, Lunar. Go smell your own trash.
Wait, wait, Lunar. Wait, wait. Can I
What did you just do?
I said,
"You want to gamble?" Wait, you can
gamble. You can gamble. Yeah, I want to
gamble. Let's gamble. How do we gamble?
Uh, L.
Oh, let's go.
While you guys are being bad over there.
Everything's flying off of my shelves.
Okay, Gold, let's get to work. Funny.
What? I'm sick of you being arrested.
Okay, look. The customer just left
because we're not checking people out.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm throwing the
trash away. The jail. The jail. Can we
fix it? Yeah, the jail sucks. So, don't
be a criminal. Okay, let me check these
people out. No, Gold, you do it.
Checking out is boring. Cat, there's no
power. There's no power. How are you
supposed to um Wait, why do we not have
power? Hello. Um, did Draco do
something? Did he cut our power off? I
think he cut our power off. Draco, your
store's already rich, bro. And Rainbow's
broke.
His power. Yeah, that's what you think
for now. Gold, I was right. Rainbow's
selling nothing except for
actually all of my stuff flew off the
shelves. Rainbow. So, you're copying our
store. We were the ones that can only
sell wholesome grain, whole rice,
grass-fed. Oh. Um, I didn't know that.
So, sorry. I won't sell it ever again.
Promise. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank
you. Hey, that's good. That's good. Oh,
man. These streets are disgusting. You
shouldn't let a bunch of grocery stores
open.
Gold, are we good? Is our store back on?
Yeah, I got to I turned back on the
power. I'll show you after I check these
clients out. Okay, that's a lot of
clients. Let's see what else we can get.
Drago sabotaged us. Gold, I'm going to
buy some more furniture. Wait, we can
also get a fridge. Ooh, we're going to
be How do you guys have so much money
from all the rice? A laxative. Yeah,
people love our grass-fed rice over
here. Oh, yeah. Gold keeps selling that
rice. I think I just purchased us a new
shelf. We're going to place it near the
wall. Nice. Day six. We made
$18. Not bad, but not very good. You
know why? I think we need more mail,
funny, but we're broke. You're too busy
in prison. I know. We're supposed to be
a wholesome grocery store. We're
supposed to be wholesome people. Funny,
not prisoners. Gold, it's not my fault.
I literally needed to poop. Oops. Bro.
Ew. Um, why is your poop like dusty
and my nose burns? Stop. Stop. I was
That was embarrassing. That was an
emergency. Gold. What do you think
you're doing, neighbor? I'm just
throwing out the trash. What do you
think you're doing? Nothing. Bunny,
you go to jail.
No. Lunar, get gold. Get gold. Lunar.
Funny. Lunar. I can't. I did nothing.
You can't cuff me. Okay. Lunar. Lunar. I
committed. No crime. Let's gamble for
real this time. Wait. I don't want $50.
Oh, me either. We're both poor. Huh?
Lunar, don't gamble with her. Go run the
store. Lunar. Oops. Run your store and
come back and gamble in the middle.
Okay. And Gold, you need to stop going
to jail.
Be quiet, Funny. You're the one that
caused all of this. She's delinquent.
Thank
you, Lunar. I almost have 50 bucks.
Everybody is buying rice.
Oh, wait. Change
59. There you go. Two bags of rice. Made
the wholesome way. Gold. Do we can we
change our store name? Wholesome is very
hard to say. Wholesome. I don't like the
way it rolls off my tongue. Sounds
weird. This is what they did to us
yesterday. And they made us lose profit.
Okay, we only made $11 because they
decided to do this. And look, we're
going to do it back.
This is why we had no power.
Hey, what do you think you're doing? Get
him. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Get down,
Gold. No.
That's why you can change into props in
this game. I get it. Oh. Oh. Okay.
Funny. Hide. Hide. Funny. Don't let them
catch you. I don't think they see where
I am.
Lunar's looking. Okay. That's
disgusting, y'all. Do not
Ew. Do you not know how to aim, Lunar?
Bunny, put her in jail. Lunar, are you
put in jail? How you poop like that?
Nobody kitty knows how to poop at her.
You pooped outside. That's gross. No one
flushed this one. Hi guys. Um, sorry.
Sometimes in this town we get a little
distracted, you know. Um, there's a lot
of people around here and some of them
are kind of disgusting.
Oh, I have $50 now. Okay, hold up. I
almost got 50. Go away, Lunar.
Hello. What would you like? Okay, I'm
going to go gamble with Lunar. Lunar,
let's fight. Let's do this. It is time
for the battles. Why are you wasting our
money? We only have blue. Funny blue.
Funnies blue. No, no, Lunar. Thank you,
Lunar. Yeah, thanks for the money. Now
we have 100.
I'm devastated. Ryan, no more gambling
right now. I'll give her a tip. I'll
give her a tip.
What did you prove? Thanks for the $20.
Why you guys waste your time away? I
already got a fridge. What? Why? Yeah.
Rainbow, come over here. Why would you
come outside? You just stay in your
store. Rainbow, Rainbow, I'm in jail.
Rainbow, please come out. Rainbow, no.
I'm so busy right now. Rainbow, look. I
literally see you right there. And look
at me. Look at me. I'm checking out like
my 10 customer right now. Please,
please, what? I have a I have something
to show
you. Can you not see? I'm busy, dude.
Draco. Hey, what? Go to Rainbow Store
and show off her power. Why you
wouldn't? I'm not working with you.
She's so perfect over there. Look at her
in her pink star. I told you. Gold
standard of grocery stores.
Bunny, somebody shut off our power. Why
can't you get them and Draco? I didn't
do any power.
You can't stand. I guess you're going to
have to ask them for cash.
We have around
$118. Meaning we could finally buy a
fridge and maybe some more mayo. Oh my
gosh, mayo is so expensive. There you
go. Gold. We got mayo in a fridge
coming. You just afforded mayo. We had
that ages ago. Arrest her. She's a
criminal. Wait, she actually
No, she's not gold. I committed no
crime. All I'm doing is insulting you in
front of your business.
But that is no crime. Luna, come over
here. What? Do you see that? That is
Hayward's pure mayonnaise. The purest of
the wholesome mayo in the world. You You
know what else is pure? What? Pooping on
rainbow stone. Lunar, I'm kind of
exhausted of spending time in jail, you
know. Me, too. We should make a spruce.
But like it seems like you constantly
just keep defecating in front of a
rainbow store. And it seems like you and
Draco aren't really making a grocery
store. You're just pooping everywhere.
Oh my gosh. There's a toilet to be
coming.
The best Mart is to enemies. Hey, is
that why there's constant poop in front
of my business? Well, there's a five
poops already. What's wrong with you
guys?
I'm here busy making money to be the
best grocery store in the server. I
don't care about you and your poops.
Guys, she's just Rainbow's Rainbow's
actually working at a grocery store. Do
you see this? Can you not Draco? No
one's maning the store. Yeah, you guys.
You guys are selling nothing. Gold.
You're a salad. I'm What the Lunar?
What? I think highly of you. Stop going
to poop jail.
I can't help it, but it really stinks in
here. No one flushed the
toy. I'm going buy two of these, even
though it's a waste of money. And I'll
buy some more crackers. Draco, what do
you want, man? Why you staring at me
with those handcuffs?
Cuz you look like you're about to do a
crime, Draco. Why are you climbing on
our shelves and stuff? Yeah, Draco,
get out of here. Put me in jail.
Yeah, he's actually disgusting. Yeah, he
is gross. Funny, you clean up his poop.
I don't do that. No, Draco, this is this
is out. Lunar, you have to come see
this.
What? Your partner in
crime and one mart is disgusting. He did
that. He pooped beside our fridge. Can
you clean it up? Ask me anything. Yeah.
What do you What do you mean it's right
there? Ask me anything. Oh my gosh.
She's being ignorant.
Okay, let me put some more crackers on
the
shelf. We're going to Ooh.
What? Gold. I'm so sorry. I think I just
broke the mirror.
Ow. I don't know. I threw I threw the
the box at it. I didn't know it would do
that. Okay. Hurry and restock before we
open. And please clean up his poop.
Customer run out of here. Bunny, stop.
Okay. Okay. Oh no. It's fine. It's fine.
Here, Gold, eat this. It's good for you.
What's a laxa? It's like a chocolate bar
that makes you extra strong. Okay.
I thought it was a chocolate bar with
laxatives. What did it do? Did it make
you strong?
That's embarrassing. How did you do
that?
E. What the [__]
Somebody put me in prison. Clearly you
guys can't get over a poop. Oh no, my
girl keeps filming.
This is Wait, does she actually go to
prison? No. Get away, Luna. Funny. Tell
her to get away.
Jimmy, that's what he told us.
No. Funny, look what you did. This store
is disgusting. I'm literally the one
making money for a store and you're
going to be a criminal. Funny now.
I'm in here for 1 minute cuz I pooped
three times. Hey girl, I'm back from
prison.
And I see that you still didn't pick up
all the poop in the store. Are you
kidding me? Funny. I'm checking out the
customers now. I know why. If you work
in retail, credit cards are fun. Look at
that. What? This is a partnership that
you're going to do. literally poop
everywhere on the floor. Well, to be
fair, it's your poop. No, it's you.
Pause this. What's the point of calling
our store Wholesome Foods if there's
literally wholesome, not even wholesome,
disgusting poop everywhere? Gold, look
how fast I am.
Look. 450. 450. Uh, let's go. 1 2 3 4
and then 50. Done. Gold, just help clean
up the poop. It's okay. I'm checking
out. I'm very good at it. I'm very good
at it. This is kind of like a game at
this point. 25 cents. Boom. All these
customers are buying the cheese bits.
Gold. Where are we on the leaderboard? I
feel like we're up really high.
Um, yeah, we are. Okay, this I'm going
to I'm going to go shopping. Checking
out. Credit card done. Hello. You paying
with cash? Cash change? Zero change. I
think we're going to sell out out of all
of our crackers. Bro, your store is
stinky.
What?
Why is there so much? Where's your
[__] mop? I don't know.
You This is gross. I don't even know
how, bro. Gold's cleaning. I don't know
what you're talking about. How can you
even walk in this store without covering
your nose? Oh my goodness. It's a
wholesome store. It's literally all
natural. Wholesome or like
smellsome poop.
Draco, since since you did that to me,
you must now eat the Laxa bar.
Guys, I'm trying to clean. I'm trying to
actually be clean in the store while
y'all be nasty. Okay, look at me. I'm
cleaning. I want the shelves to look
like 100% fully stocked.
What? Lunar,
I'm just here being annoying. You have
no customers left wrecking your own
windows.
That poop flung back at you, not
[Music]
me. Did
Did you just throw something at my
window? No.
What are you right now? You threw Lunar
and Draco's Walmart is at $348.
Rainbow's 317. And gold, we only have
300. And Draco's name's on our store,
which is annoying.
Draco, I don't know how you did that,
bro.
Well, right now Walmart is getting a
logo
redesign. The Draco, why does it say
HMart? No, it says Walmart helped
redesign the store logo. I think that's
already a grocery store name.
Well, now I feel like Gold and I need a
nice store. Let's clear this. I agree.
Let's make it the best store. Okay,
Gold, you're lucky. I know how to
graphic design. I will make you the I
will make us the best store. Please.
That's a dream.
Whole some Why is
there foods broken? To make sure it is
wholesome foods, we will design a
beautiful bush around it. It is a tree.
It is It is a tree showing stability in
grocery
stores. Wait, I think I just made a
spray. Wholesome Foods. I am creating
the sign for Wholesome Foods. Gold.
We're going to make it look artistic
somehow. Yes. So, first I love that
idea. We're so busy. I'm so proud of our
store today. I'm writing the word
wholesome. And then we're going to do
food. Foods in yellow because we are the
sunshine. We are the radiant. Yes. To
boring grocery stores. BRB girl. I need
to use the washroom. Now, to be
artistic, we shall draw a
tree. This is a tree connected by a
trunk, showing What does any of this
have to do with the grocery store?
Showing that our store is the trunk to
foods and is grown wholesomely. Okay,
we're also going to add beautiful apples
on to show that our produce is
fresh and made from farmers
everywhere. I present you that is that
is the ugliest sign I've ever seen. Look
at our sign. Wholesome foods. Most
beautiful sign you ever seen. Most ugly
sign you ever seen. I think Walmarts is
pretty. Are you sure?
Yeah. Wait, what? Luna Lunar's crown
challenge. Yep. While you were designing
your store logo, I saw a crown blow. I
picked it up. Lunar, stop putting me in
jail. I just want to talk.
Okay. What? How dare you defecate in
front of me.
But what does it mean when you keep
pooping gold? Cuz I pooped gold again.
Why do you keep pooping gold? I don't
know. I took another gold poop. Gold and
I can finally afford some advertising.
You know, get more customers to know our
name. So, let's get some advertising
done and then a drink license so we can
finally sell drinks. Yes, I need to
stock up the shelves real quick before
we open. With $6 left over, we can only
buy a couple of canned tomatoes. Oh,
look. It's the poop bandit.
I had to show you something funny. You
know what happens when you throw poop?
If I You throw poop. What? You're
laughing, Lunar.
Okay, girl is having way too much fun at
this game. Wait, what if you throw
golden poop? I don't know why gold has
golden poops. Guys, comment down below
what golden poops do because like is it
just a rare item or something? Luna, we
got to get to work. Wholesome Foods is
getting ahead. Yeah, we're being Oh,
look at that. Wholesome Foods is in the
lead somehow behind rainbow. Gold
standard is just like slowly
depleting right now. My store. Let me
stock the shelves with more chips. Gold.
You got this in the bag. Yeah, I do.
We're going to be super busy and make
tons of I'm going to head out for a bit
and I'm going to take my spray can.
Draco, where you at? Come over here.
Come over here. We're going to We're
going to show Rainbow something nice.
Oh, you're going to help her like
decorate her walls? Yeah, we're going to
decorate her walls right right here.
Right behind the couch so she so
everyone can see every the beauty.
I can hear
that. You jerks. They should have never
let poop be in this game. I wonder why
they put poop in this game. My sign is
now finished.
And I am done redecorating your
beautiful store.
Rainbow was here. Rainbow, you got to
[__] him. You got to [__] him. Stinky.
Draco, get back here. It smells [__] out
here.
Hey, you jerk. Go to jail, dude. How am
I supposed That's a very stinky store.
Oh, it's very stinky, Rainbow. I don't
think you'll recover. You guys, I just
literally put on my new sign. Do you see
that? Grocery bills. Wait, it's you need
to give your store a good map, Rainbow.
Oh, you think so, Lunar?
Rain. Uh, Rainbow, your store is so
sparkly and beautiful, but inside it's
smelly.
Rainbow Draco, you deserve to stay in
jail forever. Yeah, I gave her a
beautiful house decoration. Now I have
nothing. Rainbow, I also gave you like a
little poster.
I'm Yeah, this poster sucks. Okay,
this Yeah, stay in jail forever, Jacko.
Stinks.
Wholesome foods? Ooh. Is about to get a
whole new upgrade. What's wrong with
you? Gold. How much did you charge on
our bill? Why is our store closed? I
don't know. Funny. I'm closing because
one of my employees Okay, I'm back. I'm
back. Lazy and not helping me out. Run
the store. I'm stalking everything by
myself. Yo, I'm ready to sell.
busy causing poopy crime with Draco.
Yeah, you guys are like you guys should
have been grocery store team. Yeah, I
agree. Okay, Gold, everything is full. I
think we're going to have to buy more
shelves. Okay, let me let me Luna, you
got to check out faster. We're losing
customers to wholesome
some more furniture. Yeah, shelves are
$80. I think I need to catch some more
criminals. Does anyone be a criminal?
You? No. Me. Okay. What is that? What
the
what? Why are you smoking our place?
That was Draco. He just disappeared.
Well, he's a magician. Oh god, he got
Wait, what?
What prop are you, Jack?
Go
Dra. You stinking Jack Draco. You're
never going to find me.
Gold, thank you so much for stocking the
shelves. Look at the row of customers.
They are buying so much stuff from
Wholesome Food. Let me check you guys
out. Credit card. Thank you. Credit card
is way easier. And then just take in
cash. Grab all this. Okay. They want to
pay with cash. Walmart has all your
needs. Hey Draco, don't distract me. I'm
trying to give change. Widen food. Widen
price. One dollar.
They How are they making profit with $1?
What? Wait, are you guys actually making
profit? $1.
$1. $1. Yeah. No one wants to go to your
other stores where stuff costs extra.
Gold, I think we need to raise our
prices here. Gold, you you check out. We
got to deal with the wholesaler. I'm
going to go up by like I'm get I'm going
to try to get like a dollar off of
everything. You think our customers will
appreciate it, Gold? You know, inflation
is real. Instead of this alphabet soup
costing 62 cents, it's going to cost a
dollar. The reason why we're so busy is
because our food is so cheap. So, we got
to raise it up a little. Yeah, Gold. We
need to make it look more wholesome.
Like green peas. Green peas for 80
cents. You'll be like, "Well, that's too
cheap to be good." So, then we raise the
price to be $3 for wholesome green peas.
Get it? You get what I mean? Yes, I get
what you mean. And it's all grass-fed.
No.
That's right. We totally don't buy from
the same grocerers that the other stores
buy from and farmers. Let's get two of
these fridges. And now we got ourselves
some extra fridges. What do you want,
poopster? Whole Foods, more like
processed
foods. Okay. Excuse me. Do you see what
it says on our shirt? You're a phony. A
liar. A scam.
What's happening? Um, this might be my
fault. What did you do? I wanted I
wanted to organize the
shelves to be an aesthetic and they kept
buying stuff. So, I made a one water
bottle $10 and milk $10.
So, we're supposed to be wholesome.
You're greedy. It is wholesome. Okay,
fine. Seven bucks. Seven bucks. Can we
sell us seven bucks, guys? $14. Shh.
Just wait. $7 for some milk. Anybody?
What the heck? Okay. Okay. And this?
We're losing money. Sh. It's fine. It's
fine. Go. Two bucks. Two bucks for mac
and cheese. Okay. That's the best mac
and cheese. Stressing me out. What?
They're complaining about everything.
Oh man. We're going to make sales today.
Oh yeah. Look at that leaderboard.
Wholesome Foods is falling behind.
They're beating us. Funny. Hurry. That's
right. Okay. Fine. Fine. You know what?
Market price. Put it back. Market price.
What are you doing? We'll have some
expensive, some cheap. They're leaving.
They're still leaving. Shh. It's fine.
It's fine. Market price. You know, if
you sell stuff at market price, you're
not making any money on it, right? Oh.
Oh, funny. Gold higher. Okay. Okay.
Profit
$15. Supply cost
$34. Um, gold. I'm going to spend the
rest of the money on this $20 firework.
It just said that Walmart got the crown
for today, which means we're not making
money. Who got the crown? Walmart. We
did.
Walmart doesn't look cute as our store,
though. Look, Gold. They're flashing
their water. Holding. What are you
holding? Let me see. What is this? I'm
I'm holding nothing. I'm just looking at
your store. Is this a crime? Your store
isn't cute. I'm gonna go to Is that a
crime? No. Rainbow store is probably
cuter because her sign is cute. Her
shelves.
It looks like the same stalking so much.
Hey, hey, hey, get away from my stuff,
please.
There's a lot of garbage in your store.
It's empty. Shh. Yeah, because I'm sold
out because I have gold luxury stuff. If
you're sold out, why are you at the
bottom? Excuse me. Back up. Oh, money.
Somebody bring her to the hospital.
Oh, I need to go to jail.
Guys, stop. I'm tired. Bro, I'm tired of
going to jail and this server is
disgusting. Please. I never thought I
would say this like you. Oh, the worst
grocery store partner ever.
All you do is go to prison, funny, and
pooped. I don't like how this is.